Great, now that we have our tags up on GitHub,
let's get more familiar with the way that tags are displayed on GitHub.
As I mentioned before, on this listing of tags,
we have both annotated and lightweight tags listed.
For the lightweight tags, we just have the commit message associated with that tag.
And, for annotated tags, we have the corresponding tag message.
We also have the commit id that they're associated with,
along with a zip file or tarball of the source code
from that version of our repository at that point in time. We also have a reverse timeline,
starting with the most recent and working our way backwards.
If you click on the tag name within GitHub, it takes you to a specific
page about that tag; in this case it shows that I tagged it 17 minutes ago,
and that develop has had 14 commits since this tag.
It also shows me the message for the tag, and the downloads,
which are the corresponding zip and tarball.
If I click on "14 commits", it takes me to a diff
comparing the tag that I clicked on and the develop branch.
And, if I want, I can click on the specific commit id,
which takes me to a page that has information specifically about this commit.
And, on this commit page, you can see that we have our tag associated
with this commit, as well as being on the develop branch.
I'm going to click on tags to get back to our listing of tags.
Click on the name of the repository, and that will return us to the main page for this repository.
One thing I like to point out is that our branch dropdown, if we click it to expand,
we now have the option between branches and tags.
If I click on the tab for tags, I see a listing
of all our tags that we have associated with this GitHub repository.
I also have the option to find a tag if I had a really long list.
To see this repository as of a specific tag, just select a tag.
For example, I will select "v0.2-alpha".
Now, we are viewing this repository as of that particular tag.
At any point, I could switch to another tag, or to one of the branches.
I'm going to return back to that tag.
As I click around, I'm still viewing this repository as of this tag.
At any point, I could change the tag or the branch.